alpaca/README.md, before:

# Alpaca

Associated content at:

- [Alpaca & Backtrader: Tools of the Trade (Part 1)](https://alpaca.markets/learn/backtrader-01/)
- [Alpaca & Backtrader: Tools of the Trade (Part 2)](https://alpaca.markets/learn/backtrader-02/)

Please read the [disclaimer](https://analyzingalpha.com/disclaimer).

Copyright © Alpha Apps, LLC. All rights reserved.

THIS SOFTWARE AND DATA ARE PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Added Alpaca Backtrader Unemployment Algo Part 2

alpaca/README.md, after:

# Alpaca

Associated content at:

- [Alpaca & Backtrader: Tools of the Trade (Part 1)](https://alpaca.markets/learn/backtrader-01/)
- [Alpaca & Backtrader: Tools of the Trade (Part 2)](https://alpaca.markets/learn/backtrader-02/)
- [How to Use Unemployment Figures to Build a Trading Algorithm (Part 1)](https://alpaca.markets/learn/unemployment-algo/)
- [How to Use Unemployment Figures to Build a Trading Algorithm (Part 2)](https://alpaca.markets/learn/unemployment-algo-2/)

Please read the [disclaimer](https://analyzingalpha.com/disclaimer).

Copyright © Alpha Apps, LLC. All rights reserved.

THIS SOFTWARE AND DATA ARE PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
